
Fox News

    U.S.
    World
    Opinion
    Politics
    Entertainment
    Business
    Lifestyle
    More

Expand / Collapse search
Login
Watch TV
Hot Topics

    Trump lawyer's flub
    Woman's deadly vacation
    Obstruction case coming?

POLITICS
just in
Billy Bush slams Trump for questioning authenticity of 'Access Hollywood' tape
By Lukas Mikelionis | Fox News

    Facebook
    Twitter
    Print
    Email

Billy Bush: 'Plenty of people knew' about Trump tape

Former 'Today' host Billy Bush speaks about his involvement in the leaked 'Access Hollywood' Donald Trump tape

Former “Access Hollywood” host Billy Bush slammed President Donald Trump on Sunday after the president reportedly questioned the authenticity of the tape where he is heard bragging about grabbing women.

“Of course he said it,” Bush wrote in the article for The New York Times on Sunday, confirming that Trump said the infamous “grab them by the p----” comment in the “Access Hollywood” tape that resurfaced during the election last year.

The article follows reports that Trump privately questioned whether the infamous tape with his vulgar remarks is authentic. “We don’t think that was my voice,” Trump told an unnamed Republican Senator back in January, The Times reported.
'Today' host gets the ax Video
NBC News fires Billy Bush after lewd Donald Trump tape airs

The president reportedly continued repeating the claim to others in private since. In recent days, amid sexual harassment allegations rocking the Washington, he reportedly reiterated again that it was not his voice on the tape.

Bush, the nephew of former President George H.W. Bush, was fired from NBC “Today” show after the tape was released last year and is scheduled to speak with late-night talk show host Stephen Colbert on Monday, said seven people heard Trump’s crude comments and denying the veracity of the tape is “indulging in some revisionist history.”

“We laughed along, without a single doubt that this was hypothetical hot air from America’s highest-rated bloviator,” he added. “Along with Donald Trump and me, there were seven other guys present on the bus at the time, and every single one of us assumed we were listening to a crass standup act. He was performing. Surely, we thought, none of this was real.”

In October 2016, just hours after the tape was released, Trump admitted it was his voice and apologized for making the crude remarks involving women. “I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize,” he said in response to the tape.

Lukas Mikelionis is a reporter for FoxNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @LukasMikelionis.
 
Sponsored Stories You May Like

    Biotech Stocks Turning Attention Away from Bitcoin Biotech Stocks Turning Attention Away from Bitcoin The Huffington Post
    U.S. Crude Oil Soars in Singapore U.S. Crude Oil Soars in Singapore CME Group on The Wall Street Journal
    Why Doctors Will No Longer Prescribe Blood Pressure Meds Why Doctors Will No Longer Prescribe Blood Pressure… healthtoday.me
    [Gallery] Burt Reynolds Finally Confirms The Rumors [Gallery] Burt Reynolds Finally Confirms The… OMG! 

Ad Content by
 
Sponsored Stories

    Got high mortgage repayments? Read This HashChing
    Why more female professionals are traveling solo. Booking.com on The Wall Street Journal
    Get actionable insights and become more agile with SAP S/4HANA CIO.com
    China in 2018, According to the Yield Curve CME Group on The Wall Street Journal
    NYC Date Ideas - Big Apple Cheap Date Spots | Travel Savvy TravelSavvy
    PerkinElmer Builds on Newborn Screening With New Clinical Genomic… GenomeWeb 

 

    [Gallery] He Stole From Them For 27 Years: Until They Finally Caught… OMG!
    These Movie Bloopers Are Really Embarrassing OMG!
    [Gallery] 10 Years After The Famous Photo, Olympic Athlete Makes A… My Daily Magazine
    Ivanka Trump Cuts Asking Rent for Manhattan Condo to $13,000 Mansion Global
    What A Million Dollars Can Buy You Around the World Mansion Global by Dow Jones
    Leonardo DiCaprio Buys Malibu Beachfront Home from one of Trump’s… Mansion Global

Ad Content by
 
More from Fox News

    Unrest at State Dept. over reports Tillerson will gut staff Unrest at State Dept. over reports Tillerson will gut staff Unrest at State Dept. over reports Tillerson will gut staff Fox News Politics - Video
    NFL owners appear poised to pay nearly $100 million bribe for nothing NFL owners appear poised to pay nearly $100 million bribe for nothing Fox News Opinion
    Tucker vs. Politico's baffling argument on Islamic clerics Tucker vs. Politico's baffling argument on Islamic clerics Tucker vs. Politico's baffling argument on Islamic clerics Fox News Politics - Video
    Department store bans Salvation Army bell ringers Department store bans Salvation Army bell ringers Fox News Opinion
    MSNBC host Joy Reid’s comments about rural America are stunning in their arrogance, ignorance MSNBC host Joy Reid’s comments about rural America are stunning in their arrogance, ignorance Fox News Opinion
    Rohina Bhandari, 49, who lived in New York City, suffered fatal bites to both her legs while diving in Costa Rica. Rohina Bhandari, 49, who lived in New York City, suffered fatal bites to both her legs while diving in Costa Rica. Fox News US 

Trending in Politics

    Former Attorney General for President Obama, Eric Holder, fired back on Sunday at President Trump, who claimed the FBI’s reputation is in “Tatters” because of former Director James Comey’s handling of Hillary Clinton’s email investigation.
    Holder, Comey fight Trump's FBI slam: 'Not letting this go'
    Former “Access Hollywood” host Billy Bush slammed President Donald Trump on Sunday after he reportedly questioned the authenticity of the lewd remarks in the infamous tape where he is heard bragging about grabbing women.
    Billy Bush slams Trump for questioning authenticity of 'Access Hollywood' tape
    John Dowd, President Trump’s personal attorney, took responsibility Sunday for a Trump tweet about the president firing Michael Flynn as national security adviser that sparked speculation about Trump having obstructed justice.
    Trump lawyer takes blame for Flynn tweet: 'I did not mean to break news'
    California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Sunday the panel is starting to see "the putting together of a case of obstruction of justice" against President Trump.
    Feinstein: Senate Judiciary now sees possibility of Trump obstruction case

 
Sponsored Stories

    U.S. Crude Oil Soars in Singapore U.S. Crude Oil Soars in Singapore CME Group on The Wall Street Journal
    Biotech Stocks Turning Attention Away from Bitcoin Biotech Stocks Turning Attention Away from Bitcoin The Huffington Post 

Ad Content by
U.S.

    Crime
    Military
    Education
    Terror
    Immigration
    Economy
    Personal Freedoms

World

    U.N.
    Conflicts
    Terrorism
    Disasters
    Global Economy
    Environment
    Religion
    Scandals

Politics

    Executive
    Senate
    House
    Judiciary
    Foreign policy
    Polls
    Elections

Entertainment

    Celebrity News
    Movies
    TV News
    Music News
    Style News
    Entertainment Video

Business

    Markets
    Politics
    Technology
    Features
    Business Leaders

Lifestyle

    Food + Drink
    Cars + Trucks
    Travel + Outdoors
    House + Home
    Fitness + Well-being
    Style + Beauty

Science

    Archaeology
    Air & Space
    Planet Earth
    Wild Nature
    Natural Science
    Dinosaurs

Tech

    Security
    Innovation
    Drones
    Computers
    Video Games
    Military Tech

Health

    Healthy Living
    Medical Research
    Mental Health
    Cancer
    Heart Health
    Children's Health

Video

    Watch Live
    Show Clips
    News Clips
    Editor's Picks
    Fox News Go

About

    On Air Personalities
    Careers
    College Students
    Fox Around the World
    Advertise With Us
    Ad Choices
    Email Newsroom
    Media Relations

Other

    Fox News Insider
    Fox News Radio
    Fox Nation
    Live Video
    Newsletters
    Alerts
    Podcasts
    Apps & Products

    Facebook
    Twitter
    Google+
    Instagram
    RSS
    Email

Fox News

    Terms of Use Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Policy Help 

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
